Project Instructions
  copy/pasted from https://github.com/pippinbarr/cart253-2018/blob/master/projects/Project-2.md

1) Improve the game in the usual ways we have seen in previous exercises by
DONE!      - adding scores,
      - displaying the score,
      - changing the visual and audio aesthetics of the game, etc.

2) Add a title to the game that displays before the game starts,
   let the player start the game by clicking the mouse or hitting a key

3) Add an ending to the game when one player reaches 11 points,
   display a game over screen and give the option to reset the game and play again

4) Add a new class to the game that create a new kind of ball that the players
   should avoid when playing. this ball should...
      - look different,
      - should move differently,
      - and if the players hit it it should create some disadvantage for them
        (maybe it makes their paddle smaller, maybe it makes the paddle slower,
        maybe it makes the paddle move randomly, maybe it reverses the paddle
        controls, etc.), make sure you have at least one of these objects in the game

5) Add a new class to the game that creates a new kind of object different from
   Paddles and Balls that interacts with the normal type of ball
   (maybe a kind of food the ball eats to get faster,
   maybe a portal that teleports the ball somewhere else on the screen,
   maybe a light-switch that changes the colors of the game to be lighter or darker, etc.),
   make sure you have at least one of these objects in the game.

6) Use arrays to explore the dynamics of having many instances of objects in
   the game at the same time. (e.g. At minimum have either multiple balls,
   multiple paddles, or multiples of your new classes - potentially all of these!)

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

brainstorming

npc pictures?? that change expressions as you play the game? (swap between using switch??)

increase canvas size a bit on the bottom to accommodate them, readjust constraints
on ball and paddle to accommodate them.
